Add customizable empty state prop in resource list (#2971)
Shopify/polaris-react: UNRELEASED.md

### Enhancements

- Truncated long sort options in `ResourceList` ([#2957](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2957)

> - Added a prop to `ResourceList` to enable the customization of the empty search state ([#2971](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2971))

Reviewer: Tell us what the prop name is it is :p

```suggestion
- Added an `emptySearchState`  prop to `ResourceList` to enable the customization of the empty search state ([#2971](https://github.com/Shopify/polaris-react/pull/2971))
```
